Immutable rules:
I-1. Anything not forbidden by the rules is permitted.

I-2. No rule set may be proposed which inflicts any
     punishment on a player that is worse than losing
     the game.

I-3. If the game ends prematurely, the player with the
     largest number of points wins. If multiple players
     are tied for the largest number of points, the
     winner is whoever among those players is next in
     the turn order.

I-4. If all players agree to end the game at any point, the
     game ends.
   
Mutable rules:

M-1. All players begin with 1 point. If a player has at
     least 10 points more than any other player, they win
     and the game ends.

M-2. Any player who violates the rules loses the game. This
     will be determined by Bruce (@spill).

M-3. Players take turns in an order determined by using a
     computer or Ghost Leg to randomly shuffle a list of the
     players’ names. After the last player has taken their turn,
     the turn order repeats.

M-3. A player’s turn consists of one of the following:
  A) The active player proposes a new set of immutable
     rules. All players will vote on the new rules, and if the
     players unanimously approve, the proposed immutable rules
     will replace the existing immutable rules.

  B) The active player proposes a new set of mutable rules,
     then randomly chooses another player. The randomly chosen
     player decides whether or not the proposed rules replace
     the current rules.

  C) The active player passes on their turn, and a randomly
     chosen other player gains one point.

M-4. Players are randomly chosen by issuing the Slack
     command "/roll 1dN", where "N" is the number of players
     minus one. Dicebot will respond with a number, "K", and the
     chosen player is the Kth player in the turn order, excluding
     the active player.

M-5. Points are awarded by issuing the command "@username++"
     and subtracted by issuing the command "@username—", where
     "username" is the username of the person. The score can be
     checked by issuing the command "@plusplus leaderboard".

M-6. Points may only be awarded by one of the methods
     outlined in rule M-3.

M-7. The current set of rules will be kept in a
     http://pastebin.com/ clipboard link referenced in the
     channel topic. Rule proposals will consist of a link to a
     new pastebin.com link with the desired rules. If and only if
     the proposal is accepted, the topic will be changed to
     include a link to the new rules and no other links.
